docs/index.md, before:

# Welcome to the ASL Trunk robot documentation
This documentation provides a detailed guide to the setup, configuration, and use of the Trunk Robot. It is intended for internal use by the team involved in the development, deployment, and maintenance of the robot.

## Contents
- Design: Documentation for full-system software, electrical, and mechanical design
- Robot Setup: Instructions for setting up trunk hardware and software
- Usage: Instructions for using a set up trunk robot
    - Motion Capture: Instructions for setting up and using the motion capture system with the Trunk Robot.
    - Motor Control: Instructions for enabling motor control of the Trunk Robot.
    - Collecting Data: Instructions for collecting data using the Trunk Robot, including data collection scripts and procedures.
    - Video Streaming: Instructions for using the video streaming capabilities of the Trunk Robot.
    - Telemetry Viewer: Description on how to view and visualize telemetry data.
- Contributing: Guidelines for contributing to the development of the Trunk Robot project.

This documentation is intended as a practical resource to support your work with the Trunk Robot, ensuring that all ASL members have access to the necessary information to effectively manage the system.

<!-- WIP! Some details on the design/features of the robot. BOM? CAD? Pictures? May need to be re-taken. -->

Commit message:

updated documentation for design, teleop, and vm rollout

docs/index.md, after:

# Welcome to the ASL Trunk robot documentation
This documentation provides a detailed guide to the setup, configuration, and use of the Trunk Robot. It is intended for internal use by the team involved in the development, deployment, and maintenance of the robot.

## Contents
- Design: Documentation for full-system software, electrical, and mechanical design. Inlcudes BOM, CAD assets, circuit diagram, and design considerations.
- Robot Setup: Instructions for setting up trunk hardware and software
- Usage: Instructions for using a set up trunk robot
    - Motion Capture: Instructions for setting up and using the motion capture system with the Trunk Robot.
    - Motor Control: Instructions for enabling motor control of the Trunk Robot.
    - Collecting Data: Instructions for collecting data using the Trunk Robot, including data collection scripts and procedures.
    - Video Streaming: Instructions for using the video streaming capabilities of the Trunk Robot.
    - Telemetry Viewer: Description on how to view and visualize telemetry data.
    - Teleoperation: Instructions for teleoperating the robot with an Apple Vision Pro to collect data.
    - Visuomotor Rollout: Instructions for rolling out a visuomotor policy on the Trunk Robot hardware.
- Contributing: Guidelines for contributing to the development of the Trunk Robot project.

This documentation is intended as a practical resource to support your work with the Trunk Robot, ensuring that all ASL members have access to the necessary information to effectively manage the system.

<!-- WIP! Some details on the design/features of the robot. BOM? CAD? Pictures? May need to be re-taken. -->
